GW 5.3.7 release notes (#5595)
TykTechnologies/tyk-docs: tyk-docs/content/product-stack/tyk-gateway/release-notes/version-5.3.md

---

## 5.3.7 Release Notes

### Release Date 15 October 2024

### Release Highlights

> This patch release for Tyk Gateway addresses critical stability issues for users running Tyk Gateway within the data plane, connecting to the control plane or Tyk Hybrid. Affected users should upgrade immediately to version 5.6.1 to avoid service interruptions and ensure reliable operations with the control plane or Tyk Hybrid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This patch release for Tyk Gateway addresses critical stability issues for users running Tyk Gateway within the data plane, connecting to the control plane or Tyk Hybrid. Affected users should upgrade immediately to version 5.3.7 to avoid service interruptions and ensure reliable operations with the control plane or Tyk Hybrid.
```

  - ```bash
    docker pull tykio/tyk-gateway:v5.3.7
    ```
- Helm charts
  - [tyk-charts v2.0.0]({{<ref "product-stack/tyk-charts/release-notes/version-2.0.md">}})
- [Source code tarball for OSS projects](https://github.com/TykTechnologies/tyk/releases)

### Changelog {#Changelog-v5.3.7}

#### Fixed
 <!-- This section should be a bullet point list that describes the issues fixed in the release. For each fixed issue explain:
 - What problem the issue caused
 - How was the issue fixed
 - Link to (new) documentation created as a result of a fix. For example, a new configuration parameter may have been introduced and documented for the fix
 - For OSS - Link to the corresponding issue if possible on GitHub to allow the users to see further info.
 Each change log item should be expandable. The first line summarises the changelog entry. It should be then possible to expand this to reveal further details about the changelog item. This is achieved using HTML as shown in the example below. -->
 <ul>
 <li>
 <details>
 <summary>Resolved gateway panic on reconnecting to MDCB control plane or Tyk Cloud</summary>

>  In prior versions, Tyk Gateway could encounter a panic when attempting to reconnect to the control plane after it was restarted. This issue has been resolved in patch version 5.3.7, ensuring stable connectivity between the gateway and control plane following reconnections and reducing the need for manual intervention.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In version 5.3.6, Tyk Gateway could encounter a panic when attempting to reconnect to the control plane after it was restarted. This issue has been resolved in patch version 5.3.7, ensuring stable connectivity between the gateway and control plane following reconnections and reducing the need for manual intervention.
```

Reviewer 2: @andyo-tyk Does the panic only happen in `5.3.6` or in all the patch versions of `5.3`?
